fix(curriculum):Updated lessons in Number sorter project to better show how ``inputValues`` works (#54445)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-algorithmic-thinking-by-building-a-number-sorter/662236690376072dc79d9c27.md

---
id: 662236690376072dc79d9c27
title: Step 10
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-10
---

# --description--

> Remove the `console.log()` calling on the `inputValues`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have confirmed the data type of the `inputValues` elements, remove your `console.log()` call.
```
